My name is Dmitro Suhovcev.
About ten years ago we moved here from Ukraine.
My wife and I are deaf and our children are hearing.
People often wonder if deaf people can drive, get married or is a family.
But the truth is, we can.
For work, I do carpentry and painting.
What I have found the most helpful with raising my family.
It is a regular study of God's work.
I can see a difference in my husband.
He is more mild and affectionate now to me and our children.
We regularly take time to discuss a scripture from the Bible.
We can see how it applies to our family.
The Christian Greek scriptures were released in American Sign Language.
Everything was so clear and we can use it to teach others.
I am happier, my family is doing great and it is all because of studying the Bible in ASL.
For me, reading the Bible is like watching a movie.
When I see it in ASL, it is like being transported in the movie.
I feel involved and in the middle of all the action.
I get a lot more out of it than I do reading it because this is my language.
I love it and I could never be without it.
Our weekly congregation meetings are conducted in American Sign Language.
When I see everyone signing, it just makes me happy that they know my language.
My parents' language, just like I do.
Each meeting starts with a song and then is opened with a prayer.
Scriptural points are discussed and at times the audience is invited to participate.
People often wonder why deaf people use so many facial expressions and are so animated when they sign.
Each facial expression is part of sign language grammar and carries much meaning.
As a family, the Bible has brought us even closer together.
Whether someone can hear or not, the Bible is truly helpful
when it comes to finding a job, raising a family and making good friends.
Our family's life, having the Bible in American Sign Language,
has been the key to our family's happiness.